(Transcribed by TurboScribe.ai. Go Unlimited to remove this message.) Yuki
Shining in the wind of season
On a perfect sunny day
Overcoming difficult times with ease
I'm heading to the city with a sense of hope
I wanna dive into paradise
Things happen so quickly
Wear it and have a strong style
It is better to sell it immediately
Let it rain!
Everyone can do it!
The dream that started running is always
It won't stop tomorrow either
Everyone can regret it
do!
Even if it sticks out a little
I don't want to see it. I don't like to make noise.
Embrace curiosity and go strong and high
Flew big
Treasures of the Hara family
Hey, is this road really okay?
Is it?
Yes, probably a recently built road.
I think so.
It's not even on the car navigation system.
So then.
I haven't seen a single one yet.
I haven't met anyone in my direction yet.
How about that, Honda?
Stay on the fast track
You can be sure of that.
It's a straight road all the way.
But, Director, are you really serious about this?
Are you commuting from somewhere?
Yes, from JR to the facilities, and
Bus and then 20 minutes walk
minutes.
It took about two and a half hours in total.
It seems that...
Yes, it's a five hour round trip.
I feel like I'm going to faint.
By the way, Ryo-chan,
Birthday present for the chief
nt, what did you buy?
This is it.
Let's keep it a secret until we get there.
What?
Everybody puts money in
He told me because it was a good fit.
That's fine.
Don't worry.
My specially selected item
It is a thing.
no doubt.
That's not it.
What are the people who are
I don't know what to give
I'm saying that's strange.
That's it.
That's right.
The most amazing thing
That's all I'll say.
Manager, if you see this
I was so moved that I fainted.
There is no doubt.
Oh, before I knew it,
I'm in the housing area.
It should be soon
That's right.
But this is somehow sad.
It's a sight.
So what are you doing all of a sudden?
Is that so, senpai?
Oh, s-senpai.
Well, let me just ask you something.
yes.
Do you know the Ohara house?
Don't you think so?
Oh, then, one more
It's about two years away.
is that so.
Um, if you don't mind, I'll go to the car.
Please get on and show me around.
I'll send it to you properly.
But it's a one-way street, so I get lost.
That's not the case.
Well well, don't say that.
They say that travelling is a journey
Isn't that right?
Ah, when I see a beautiful woman
This is what happens right away.
Orilo Honda, this person
Because I'll ride.
Well, then what should I do?
Is that okay?
Hey, it's just a short walk away
That's right.
If so, please guide me.
Even if you don't.
Um, I can't do it.
You don't have to give me a ride.
Sorry, please wait a moment.
Oh, get off now
That's what he says.
Senior, this car seats five people.
You can.
Shut up, Makagawa.
I don't like narrow spaces.
What?
Ryo-chan, Honda-san
Isn't that sad?
Reiko, sit up front.
Honda, Waiting for the Lady
I don't think it's bad to
Is that so?
N-No way.
Shinou, don't fall
Get off now.
Hurry up, please.
Maybe, why is this happening?
Yes.
Why is it happening now?
Yo.
Well, then, your boss,
To celebrate a birthday.
That's right, this is also a part of the world.
It's a matter of obligation.
That's difficult.
A precious day off
Why did you go to such a mountain?
All the way inside.
Oh my goodness.
Places where raccoons are likely to appear
I built a house in
and.
See, excuse me.
The young lady also lives around here.
Are you okay?
Um, yeah, well, anyway.
Happy birthday!
I can't believe they did that for me.
That person is a very subordinate.
He is really loved by everyone.
no way.
Hardworking, honest, and flexible
Not listening and being bossy is anger.
The sound is, the feet stink,
To be so loved,
Not once in a while.
I wouldn't work under someone like that.
I don't think you have to
It's poison.
Well, sometimes I'm in a good mood
I have to get it.
In the case of seniors, there are various
You're causing me trouble.
hey.
Yeah, this is annoying
I'm being kicked.
Ah, it's over there.
I see, this is the manager’s
Home?
Small balcony, impossible
Garden lights in the garden
to.
But you know what, this little guy?
To build a small house
Reflection on the sweat and tears
So you sent it?
Yes, you'll come to my house.
I have to send it.
It's ok, I'm here too.
from.
Because this is my place.
It's home.
So that means,
Just leave it.
Yes, arrogant and yelling
It's tough and
Unstoppable
This is Tsukasa's daughter, Hiromi.
Welcome everyone.
Are you the manager?
yes.
Well, I noticed that a while ago.
Were you there?
Yes, Ryoji and others
My father told me a lot about
Because I had heard that.
No, I, the manager
This is something that I have been thinking about a lot lately.
I respect him very much.
The chief is really a police officer.
Yes, it is a mirror of.
It's okay, don't overdo it.
That's it.
Because my father is really
That's the street it is.
Yes, that's right.
Honda has arrived too.
Oh, customer.
Someone suddenly.
Yeah, no, thank you very much.
What are you guys here for?
That's it.
I don't know what you're here for.
Sho.
Cute subordinate is the boss
I came all the way here, yearning for you.
I think it has arrived.
Too cute to hate
It's a thousand times more.
Oh, welcome.
Nasan.
Sorry, all of a sudden,
I ended up forcing my way in.
Thank you.
Get up.
Excuse me for interrupting.
Come on, please.
No, boss, it's a fine house.
That's right.
The construction of this entrance is...
A small but well-organized
Please wait,
A good personality,
It is really apparent, isn't it?
Yeah.
And the common people in this wallpaper
A taste of greatness,
Give this tension to
This ingenuity is the reason why
You are standing up.
That's fine.
What are you talking about, Dad?
Thank you for coming.
But I did.
Hey, Ryoji-san!
But.
The manager has such a cute daughter
I never knew there was someone like that.
The black kite gave birth to the swan
Should I say that?
Hey, Ryoji.
I would like to say this again.
But I have a bad feeling.
Don't do that.
Well, Hiromi is you.
A rough man like
To have an action
I don't think so.
Anyway, I
He's a simple man.
I'm a bit surprised by the manager though.
Wh, what?!
Dad, stop it.
Because this is not a workplace.
Oh, oh, sorry.
But again.
What's wrong? Did you suddenly push me?
I can't believe it.
Oh, I really agree.
Isn't it?
Dad, happy birthday
Congratulations.
birthday!?
Congratulations, Manager.
congratulations.
Yes, Dad.
Wh-Wh-Boss, don't you have anything to say?
Is that so?
Oh, thank you everyone.
congratulations.
Well then, you guys.
Celebrate my birthday
All the way to do so.
Oh, boss, she's crying.
mosquito?
You idiot, why are you crying?
Ran.
Yes, Dad.
This is me and my mom
から。
おう、革靴か。
うん、大切に使わせて
もらうぞ。
部長、 これ、あたしたちから
のささやかなプレゼ
ントってやつで。
なんだ?
ずいぶん大きいが。
結局、先輩、何買ったんです
かね?
さあ。
な、なんだこれは?
どうです、部長?
懐かしいでしょ?
デパートでちょうど懐
かしの駄菓子フェ
アをやってましてね。
おら、銀玉やメンコ、
銀玉鉄砲にパチン
コ、スコンブリ、ソース
せんべい、 イカのス
ズケなんてのもありますよ。
それからこのバクチク。
昔はニービーナンズって
もっとでっかいやつだ
ったんだけど。
先輩、ひょっとして集め
たお金を全部それに?
当然だろ。
いや、二万円もあるとず
いぶんたくさん買える
もんだな。
お前たち知らなかった
のか?
ええ、先輩がプレゼ
ントを自分で選ぶって
聞かなかったもので。
やっぱりリョウちゃんに
任せたのが間違い
だったわね。
ねえねえ、これ何なの?
何だよ、メンコも知
らないのか?
よーし、見てろよ。
こいつはこうやって、 と、裏返
ったらもらえるんだ。
うわあ、おもしろいわ
ね。
メンコっていうものは、こうやって
腰を入れて、 と、やるも
んだ。
部長なんかに負けるもんです
か。
やりおったな。
どうだ、参ったか。
諸君、今日は本当にありがとう。
プレゼントの品はと
もかく、 わしの誕生
日を祝ってくれたみんな
の気持ちはとてもうれ
しい。
プレゼントの品はと
もかくって、 夢中になって
遊んでたくせに。
そこでだ。
感謝のしるしにみんな
にお茶をご馳走した
いと思うんだが。
お、お茶?
何だこの部屋は。
多分何にもないんじゃない
か。
ここは茶室です。
お茶を飲む場所です
よ。
茶室?
やれや。
ただでさえ狭い家な
のに、 茶を飲むだけで
この部屋を作ったのか?
リョウちゃん、ここは正座
しなくちゃいけないのよ。
え、そうなの?
ったく、なんだよ。
どうぞ。
Oh, thank you very much.
Thank you for being so considerate.
Oh, well then, go ahead.
Let's get started right away.
Menano.
The manager is here.
Wait until.
It didn't hit me, did it?
Bump.
Well then, please wait a while.
Please.
Hey Ryo-chan, do you understand?
When having tea
Like this, slowly pour the bowl
Chestnut.
Oh, what?
I know that much.
Round and round, five,
It spins about three times.
That's stupid.
If you turn it vertically, the tea will
It'll spill.
Yeah.
I guess he's being stingy
this.
Shhh, it's already started.
Honro, what's wrong?
No, my legs are numb.
Please have some sweets.
Yes, I've been waiting for this.
Ah, the bugs are finally gone!
It came out.
Thank you very much.
Hey, you barbarian.
Yeah.
You are the heart of tea
I totally understand that.
You don’t have to do anything
So I just sat there in silence.
Right.
Ok, I understand.
Barbarians aside,
My prized tea bowl
I hope you enjoy it.
Teacup?
This is the best for me right now
It's something I cherish.
Right.
oh dear.
When I traveled to Kyoto
I desperately want to find it
I think I'll use it for the rest of my life.
I decided to buy it.
I did.
It's a black Raku tea bowl.
It seems to be quite good.
I think it was made by Takagoe.
Oh, you understand?
The black luster is amazing
That's interesting.
Serve everyone with this bowl
I believe it.
It's shiny.
Such an ordinary
Isn't that a rice bowl?
R,Ryotsu!
Hey, hey, stop it!
That's fine.
Please show me.
Ryoutsu!
Wow, boss, that was close.
Shin.
This time, NiceCas
That's it.
Idiot!
Be careful.
This bowl costs 400,000 yen.
We are very close friends.
Huh, four hundred thousand?!
That filthy teacup!
In the world, you
Something of incomprehensible value
exists.
That was quite a feat.
Yeah.
Han, you saw too much
You're just flattering me.
Very, very good.
It was.
It was delicious.
Yeah, I don’t know the etiquette.
Anyway, enjoy it properly.
Just give it to me.
Now, I'll give everyone some tea.
Stand up and stand
I can't just do it.
I guess I won't go either.
Yes, chief, I
Ochazuke is better than tea
Something smooth.
Hmm, I'm sure you
Does that suit you better?
Maybe.
But the food is ready now
I'm still doing it, so I'll do my best.
Be patient.
father?
There's a phone call coming in.
I see.
Well then, Ryotsu, wait.
Please be careful with the rice bowl.
Don't touch it.
That's nice.
I know.
It's really okay.
Oh, dear.
What on earth is 400,000?
It's a rice bowl.
That's such a great guy
Well, put a price tag on it.
That's right.
But with 400,000 bowls
Drinking tea...
I got quite nervous.
The tea ceremony utensils are simple
They may look like that, but they are all worth it
There are only things that
Yo.
Something like this.
Oh, this is an ear pick.
What do you mean?
Senior, that's not good.
Don't do that.
That's right.
Hey, that's amazing.
Now it's my turn.
Tea for them
You'll die.
The true tea ceremony is like this.
Just keep writing
Like a spinning washing machine
is.
Oh, round and round.
Ah, round and round.
Hey, stop it.
Oh, round and round.
Oh, it's spinning
round and round.
Oh, round and round.
Ryo-chan, stop it already
Bye.
Oh, round and round.
senior!
Hey, the first one
That was too much.
Ryo, Ryo-chan.
senior.
Wh-what?
And finally.
I messed up.
So, so easy!
It's so frustrating.
The boss was tricked
No doubt about it.
Well, sorry to keep you waiting.
Ryozu, what are you doing?
do.
No, but the chief
Tsuni Utsukushio-chan
That's right.
You're like that
Can you understand the difference?
Of course I understand that.
This feeling is too much
It's so wonderful.
I don't feel like talking.
Yo.
Is that true?
Well then, let's have some tea now.
I'll set it up for you, so hurry up.
Give it back.
N-no, no.
It's been like this for a while now
Please allow me to confirm.
No, no.
Let me hold it for you
Something good has happened
Money.
Come on, give it back quickly.
Well, just a little more.
No good.
Just a little more.
Hey, Ryozu, listen
Let's be happy.
Oh, what is that?
Hey, wait a minute.
Not again?
The tea party is over.
of?
Now, the barbecue
I'm slurping,
That's it.
A barbecue?
It'll burn soon.
Oh, yes, thank you.
Where are you, Ryozu?
Were you there?
Come on, hurry up with the bowl
Give it back.
Hey, Ryozu.
There you go, boss.
Seeing in nature
And it goes even further.
This tea bowl.
That's fine, hurry up.
Give it back.
What on earth happened?
Ah, no.
You,
To the customer
It's Rei.
R, Ryozu-san, meal
Please come up.
Sorry.
If you return it now, I will forgive you.
I'll do it.
Here, give it back gently.
That's true.
If you return it now, I will forgive you.
They will do that for you.
Ah, man, Nigong
There is none.
What should I do?
Please, I'll bring it back.
Daku-chan is easy to break
All right.
Something happened with Maichi.
What should I do?
There is no way to recover
I think so.
you.
What is it, like a child?
Ryozu-san is a demon
You can't eat it.
That's okay, Dad.
That bowl, for a while
To Mr. Kuryouzu
Just do it.
I-Is that really the case, you idiot?
Oh, about my daughter.
Calling it a duck
That's terrible.
Oh, no, sorry.
Okay then.
Honda-san, you're burnt over there
Yo.
Well, let's eat.
Ryo-chan, why did you eat it?
Isn't there one?
It's so delicious.
That's right, hurry up.
Woof.
Reiko, let me eat
Here it is.
Sorry.
Hey, Ryoji.
Look, for now
eye.
Well then, no fun.
That's a beer drinker.
isn't it.
See?
Oh, not at all.
I can't tell my senior that.
thing.
It's okay, here you go.
here we go.
Your meat is burning
Right.
What was that just now?
Wh-what is it?
My Eyes
Or maybe?
Now there are two teacups.
It seemed that way.
Of course, I'm already drunk.
What happened?
That can't be true.
Sho.
Okay, show me the bowl.
reactor.
it is.
Ryoji.
In that bowl.
What on earth did you do?
Something like the sun
2, it's important
Being toyed with is
I can't take it anymore.
Come on, give it back to me.
Wait, Ryoji.
No, no.
Don't wait.
Hey, Ryoji.
My, my baby.
Ah, it's the chief's fault.
And it got torn apart.
My, my, my
The only reason
It was originally from.
What will I do from tomorrow?
Live with joy
Go ahead.
Hey, Dad.
Don't be so upset
in.
Also, new
Just buy it.
Hey.
Oh, delicious.
Ryo-chan.
What? Hurry up and
All by myself
I'm going to explode.
Ryo-chan, Chan and Aya
Get stuck.
The headmaster is cute.
Right.
Headmaster, something with a shape
It will break someday.
That is the mystery
This is Nri.
Instead, let's smile.
Yo.
It's delicious.
I don't need it.
You eat it.
Well then, let's have fun.
It's Ryo-chan now.
Actually, boss.
Oh, idiot, stop it.
That's how it is.
what?
No, boss, I was just too impulsive.
in.
I never had any bad intentions.
That's why.
Ryou.
Mr. Forgive.
Bu, boss.
Oh, boss, I
Even if we had a barbecue
It's not tasty.
Hot, hot, hot, hot.
You got what you deserve, Ryo
Chan is.
Don't worry, happy birthday
It has become like that, Hiromi.
But I had a lot of fun.
It seems like it, Dad.
Ryozu's Corner
Grilled.
This is the best for me
This is a present.
Boss, please forgive me.
Nakagawa, Reiko, and
Oh, Hiromi, help me!
Give it to me.
Height 167 cm Weight 71 kg
Both eyes are 2.
0 Boss, do you want to challenge this
Perfect body?
If you really want to fight, come from
anywhere Next time, the cockroach race Thank you
you Please register your channel.
Even if it rains tomorrow is sunny Bye
bye Let's shake hands Bad things Goodbye
Oh yeah As you like Let's live
There is a good thing Outside the door
The sun is calling